# Katelynn Prater - 7/1/25 - Reflection

For the most part, my understanding of object-oriented programming merely refined rather than undergoing significant transformation. This was especially the case for classes, objects, and the creation of various methods. This seemed very standard to me and the main challenges I encountered were debugging within the methods themselves and keeping myself straight between the syntax/function names within Java (since a problem I have is accidentally mixing up syntax and function names from other languages I can work with, like Python and C++). So, I often prompted ChatGPT in order to remind me of the proper names of the functions I wanted for the language and situation since I already knew the "pseudocode" of what I wanted internally. It also helped in creating a checklist of the various methods I needed, since starting at a blank file was quite overwhelming. Moreover, it had generated the LetterVals which I had transferred to Google Docs and downloaded as a .txt file (I couldn't find these online anywhere in a convenient format).

The one thing that I definitely gained a better understanding of, though, was constructors. In very simple situations its usage is pretty obvious in initializing values, but ChatGPT recommended to put some of the other initial steps in there (like loading the words into the ArrayList and drawing the first four letters) too instead of just the value (0) of, say, score or the dimensions of the 2d Array I made. This broadened my understanding of constructors in a substantive way. 

In regards to debugging, my main errors involved missing semicolons, mixing up functions (like using .length() instead of .size() for ArrayLists), and just plain human error since I had accidentally forgotten to recompile the ScrabbleGame class after fixing a bug (line 117, forgot ! in if (!hasWon())). I was confused for a solid 20 minutes and questioning ChatGPT why my fix wasn't working. While I did try to fix most of the bugs myself, what I found the easiest was to just copy and paste my code into ChatGPT and ask if there are any obvious errors after my first pass. Debugging, beyond my little issue with javac, was smooth sailing, and this Scrabble project only took me a couple hours to complete.